[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Sometimes it feels as if
my soul is tightly rolled up.
Like a bud that hasn't
even started to open.
Its voice is hidden away.
I can't give it any
space to breathe.
I'm living in a world
of my own thoughts.
I have no capacity to listen
to the voice of my soul.
I'm too busy.
I'm too frenetic.
I'm too occupied.
And yet, within me,
often hidden deeply
is always the
longing for my soul
to unfold, to open, to
breathe, to have space, to be.
And I'm imagining,
but you might be
rather like me, and
that your soul also
has that longing to unfold.
Like a flower opening.
Can you feel that
expression of yourself
that you've been missing,
that sweetness that
is so hidden inside you, that
wild beauty of your essence,
your inner nature, your
truth, your innocence?
So perhaps, we can
help each other.
Together, we can allow
our souls to unfold.
So let's create space.
Let's listen.
Let's quieten down.
Let's leave the busyness for
others for the time being.
Let's settle.
Let's tune in.
Let's find the spark, that
glimmer of the small voice
of your soul, and my soul.
It's so longs to sing.
It's so longs to shine.
Come on.
Let it out.
Let it into the world.
It's not for
keeping hidden away.
It's like the smile that
lives within you all the time.
It's the joy that ripples
up, spreading through you.
So simple.
So natural.
It's the freedom, the
freedom to be who you are,
in exactly the way that
feels right for you.
Can you feel it?
Can you feel how your soul is
unfolding, breathing, opening,
looking around in this beautiful
space where it came to play?
Oh, there's so much to
do, to be, to experience.
There's no time to wait now.
Our souls are ready.
[MUSIC PLAYING]